Well, we've got the text I was given a thorn in the flesh.
We're gonna talk a little bit about that.
So, you think or you may say,
I know what it means to have a thorn in the flesh.
I feel it.
It hurts.
It's like stepping on a sharp needle with your barefoot.
But now here's a question.
Is A, that is one,
needle in your foot, that bad.
Just one needle.
I bet it hurts.
I see that picture up there.
See a little blood coming out.
Looks like you're ready to slap it, but I don't think you'd do that.
But I bet it hurts.
It's more than just a sting.
Just one thorn in the flesh.
It hurts.
But, uh, suppose that that's all you have.
One thorn in the flesh.
But what can hurt worse?
Take a look.
Ooh, look at all those thorns.
All over the man's body.
Now, I'm gonna tell you a little bit about this man.
This man fell into a pile of thorn.
Thorn, he barberry branches.
And when he tried to get up, he fainted from pain
because by thousands of needle-like thorns.
Or any such thing.
So the following six years, both he and doctors
picked barbs from the body,
totaling 32,131 thorns at hurts.
Now, what did I hear you say about your one needle?
But you say, but it's hard to take brother hurt.
It hurts and it's perplexing.
It's getting me down.
Well, can you still walk?
Then you move about.
Paul didn't let his needle, whatever it was,
get him down.
He had to live with it.
And with Jehovah's help, you too will be able to handle the discomfort.
Now, if you can, take a look at what the Bible says.
Something that Paul wrote.
2 Corinthians chapter 4 verses 89.
This is what he says.
We are hard-pressed in every way, but not cramped beyond movement.
We are perplexed.
I want you to concentrate on that word perplexed.
But not absolutely with no way out.
We are persecuted, but not abandoned.
We are not down, but not destroyed.
Now, think about it, when did you get your thorn?
Was it before your dedication and baptism?
Before you were baptized, you prayed earnestly from the depths of your heart to Jehovah for forgiveness.
Now, you must accept his merciful forgiveness.
But it still hurts from time to time.
Paul didn't say it wouldn't.
Yes, you were knocked down, but not cramped on beyond movement.
So, what do we say?
We say, stand up, get off the ground, get on your feet, move forward toward the new world.
They suggest around the corner.
Here's something to think about.
Think about King David.
He got another man's wife pregnant, and then he tried to hide it, but it couldn't.
So, he had him killed.
Now, he repented from the heart, and Jehovah forgave him, he found solace.
However, Jehovah did not eliminate the painful consequences of his sin.
Their effects were to continue with David for the rest of his sinful, imperfect life.
What do you think of when you see a beautiful little hummingbird?
Isn't that something?
What comes to my mind when I see one?
Me at the age of 12 or 13, walking in the woods near my house,
upon seeing a hummingbird, on a limb of a tree, I took my sling shot and pebble,
and knocked it out of the tree, stone dead.
I wasn't in the truth at the time.
I killed a beautiful little bird, for what reason?
Couldn't eat it?
Well, maybe to prove to myself that I was a dead shot with my sling shot.
Jehovah created the colorful little bird to bring delight to the eye.
Well, that's a sad experience.
That's mine, not yours.
But do you have one?
A sad experience?
Some painful experiences may not quickly leave the brain after repentance and God's forgiveness.
But what do we say?
We say, don't dwell on them.
Don't keep them before your eyes all the time.
Push them aside by thinking about good things.
Why not open the door to your brain and mind and let the good things come in?
Simply put, put a bandage on your thorn a little while longer.
Jehovah will pluck it out very soon now, and the pain will be long gone forever.
Remember this verse?
This may have been one of the first verses that you took to memory, put to memory,
and used in the field.
Where is it?
What's Revelation 214?
When I used to get out going door to door, I still use that scripture along.
Here it says, and he will wipe out every tear from their eyes, and death will be no more,
neither will morning nor outcry, nor pain be anymore.
The former things have passed away.
Now, when that happens, we can say goodbye forever.
This kind of pain will never return by, by pain, out of sight, and felt no more.
So the tree or bush producing the thorns has been uprooted and presently non-productive.
Thank you, Jehovah.